Hi Stinson, as per our discussion, here is the e-mail from Jim on the
subject.  I convinced Jim that this type of modeling effort is our gig and he
completely agrees.  As per Jim's suggestion, he and I will talk more on the
product while we are in Denver. I suspect that we will arrange for the vendor
to come to Houston and do a presentation on the product and install the
product on our machines.   As for additional development we should get John
Bloomer and Jim together in a meeting and hash out the requirements from John
Bloomer's perspective.

Using Vince's analogy, this tool allows us to deternime the size of the cargo
space needed for Fedex-like delivery (our streaming media products). Whereas,
the optical light path switching (DS-3, OC-3, OC-12 and OC-48) based trading
will reserve the underlying airline routes, etc.  So the packet based stuff
is looking at the required capacity from IP layer (Network and Transport:
level 3 and 4) requirements. The optical light path is Level 1 & 2 based
requirements.  That is this tool will allow John Bloomer to size (actually we
will do the analysis for him) the capacity requirement that he would need for
the products that he is developing.

That is my take on the difference, we'll find out otherwise.

Once I finish off this discussion with Jim in Denver, I suggest putting
Martin Lin on the job to find out more about the product and do the leg work
to arrange for vendor demo and software installation.  Martin will keep Samer
and Chonawee updated on the information that he gathers.  Martin please start
checking on the web about this company and other similiar produts. I will get
you contact number for EBS and the vendor as soon as Jim provides them to
me.

Avici uses this product. Avici is a next generation router vendor that is
selling Terabit routers. EBS is an investor in that company.

Ravi.

