Today is a very exciting day at Enron as we officially kick off the 2000
United Way campaign, &Who Wants to Help Millions?8   While we,ve tested your
physical stamina the last couple of years with our basketball themed
kick-offs, this year we thought we,d test your intellectual curiosity with
our own version of ABC,s &Who Wants to be a Millionaire?8

We strongly encourage all of you to attend today,s campaign kick-off at the
Hyatt Regency,s Imperial Ballroom followed by a free Chick Fil A lunch in
Antioch Park. The kick-off begins promptly at 11:15 a.m. and seating will be
on a first-come first-serve basis, so be sure to arrive early for a seat in
your reserved business unit section.  In case of rain, please see rain plan
below.

You will have a chance to see many of your co-workers take a chance in the
&hot seat,8 all while raising funds for the United Way of the Texas Gulf
Coast. Jeff Skilling, Joe Sutton and I, along with United Way,s Jackie
Martin, and Curt Mooney from DePelchin Children,s Center will even serve as
lifelines, and Houston,s own Regis ) ABC Channel 13,s Don Nelson, will host
the event.

If you are unable to get a seat in the Hyatt studio audiences, we have
arranged for alternate viewing options:

Enron Lobby TV
IP-TV on your desktop, in the Start Menu under Programs

We have added an exciting element to pledging this year, an electronic
pledging system. Please click on the United Way link
http://unitedway.enron.com or go directly to Internet Explorer or Netscape
and type in unitedway.enron.com in the address field.  Either option should
take you to Enron,s United Way 2000 Campaign site where you should be able to
make your pledge within minutes.

We are happy to report that last year, employees generously donated $2.2
million to the campaign. This year, we hope to reach our employee goal of
$2.3 million.

Thank you in advance for your generosity, and we look forward to seeing you
at 11:15 a.m.

Ken


RAIN PLAN:
Alternate routes to the Hyatt: Please utilize the tunnel system which can be
accessed via the escalators leading to the Body Shop.  The tunnel walk to the
Hyatt should take you 5 minutes.

Alternate lunch plan if raining in Antioch Park: Lunch will be served under
the overhang just outside the Enron building on Andrews Street.

