If the deal is confirmable as a deal that came across on CES's books
[reported as an active deal by CES to ENA], then the deal is a CES deal (CES
- Statoil). BUT, if this is a newly discovered deal - - - - we will need to
confirm with Risk (Mark Breese) to ensure proper booking & that the deal has
been quantified; OR if it is a newly negotiated deal or a deal finalized
after 1/1/00, then it should be entered without the CES prefix (statoil).
Based on the production dates of deal# 280185 and #226563, as combine with
the fact and that I can not find anything in the CES deal listing (CES
'books') specifying a 333/day deal with Statoil I am again hesitant to use
the CES prefix (nor can I confirm that deal #226563 should have been entered
with the CES prefix.

John, can you fill in the missing details?

Cyndie

Chris Germany@ECT
05/25/2000 04:19 PM
To: John M Singer/Corp/Enron@ENRON, David Oliver/HOU/ECT@ECT, Robert
Allwein/HOU/ECT@ECT, Dick Jenkins/HOU/ECT@ECT, Cyndie
Balfour-Flanagan/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Elizabeth L Hernandez/HOU/ECT@ECT, Molly
Johnson/HOU/ECT@ECT, Wade R Price/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc: Joan Veselack/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Joann Collins/Corp/Enron@ENRON

Subject: Local Production for June

John, I took the volumes on deal 226556 to 0 for the term of the deal
starting June 1.  This is the purchase from Belden & Blake behind NYSEG.

I changed the volume on deal 226563 from 1 dth/day to 1500 dth/day.  This is
the purchase from StatOil at CPA.  The price on this deal is NX1 + .434 and
the price on John's worksheet is NX1 + .54 (per MCF).  John, is this price
adjusted for dth??

I created deal 280185, purchase from StatOil, volume of 333 day, the price is
NX1+ $.56 PER MCF.  This is a purchase of local production behind the
citygate.  David, this deal probably needs to be hedged in Sitara.
Cindy - deal 226563 is a purchase from CES - Statoil Energy.  I set up deal
280185 with the same counterparty.  This deal should have been in the system
effective 1/1/2000.  According to Elizabeth, we should not use the CES -
StatOil Energy.  It doesn't matter to me how its set up, however, this deal
should have been in the system from Jan and it is the same type of deal as
deal 226563.

I changed the volume on deal 226747 from 1 dth to 1100 dth/day.  This is a
purchase from Questar and it is also local production behind CPA.
John, there are 3 deals for Questar, the other 2 deals have volumes of 0
right now.  Can you tell me how the volume should be split out for pricing
purposes?

Molly, I created deal 280132, FOM priced sale to CES.  This deal will be
matched with the CPA local production deals.

Let me know if anyone has any questions.

Thanks
cg 3-4743

