Gentlemen:  as you may have heard, I am assuming responsibility for heading
up the government/regulatory affairs efforts beyond my current turf of Europe
to include Africa, Asia, Australia.  This is why I generated an early e-mail
on the Gaza project.  I am now trying to meet with my new team members, and
clients/customers in the organisation.  I am headed to Houston on Sunday, for
3 days of meetings, and first week of March begin a journey that will take me
to most parts of East Asia/Australia.  Any suggestions on how (where) we get
together, and do you think it is a high priority, or not urgent.  It is not
that I am looking to avoid a trip, but e-mails like those below suggest that
I can be kept well-informed without flying somewhere just to say "hello".  I
know Mac is in Dubai.  I can fly there, or you can come to London (or are
there others I should also meet in Dubai?).  Andrew - where are you based?
If in Dubai, then does it make sense for me to come to you?  Sooner rather
than later, or no urgency?  If in Houston, should we try to meet next week?
Or are you in still some other location?  Your thoughts/views are
appreciated.  thanks  mcs

Andrew Makk@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT

09/02/2000 17:03

To: Mac McClelland/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
cc: Mark Schroeder@ECT, Joe Hillings@ENRON, Steven J Kean@EES, Scott
Reblitz/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Lora Sullivan@ENRON, Chris
Long@ENRON, Rick Bergsieker/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Jeffrey
Hammad/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Terence H
Thorn/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, mlanoce@enron.com @
ENRON_DEVELOPMENT

Subject: Re: Department of Energy Pre-departure Briefing w/ Asst. Secy.

Goldwyn

mac-

i have a slightly different view on your point #4.  the israelis are actually
pushing for a palestinian water project as it will greatly strengthen the
israeli position in the land settlement discussions in the peace talks.  the
PNA is saying that they need more land in the west bank in order to gain more
access to aquifers under the land.  the isaelis want a desal project for the
PNA so that they can claim that the PNA has a larger water base, and thus
does not need to have more land for access to more water.  the issue is that
there is not practical way in which gaza generated water can efficiently
reach the west bank, thus a water project in gaza should really be a moot
point in this discussion, although it will not be due to the lack of
rationale to their discussions.

i think that it is worth pointing out that the US consulate and embassy in
israel have been helpful to us.  from the macro level, there needs to be more
proactive cooperation between the PNA and GOI on this project (due to the
logistical and technical reasons that mac pointed out below).  furthermore,
it it worth noting that the PNA need to be more willing to adapt their
standards to be more in line with large international transactions, as the
local process that they wish to cling to is very cumbersome, and will not
benefit the PNA by attracting large scale foreign investment.

please let me know if you wish to discuss this further.

andrew

Enron International

From:  Mac McClelland                           02/09/2000 10:55 AM


To: Mark Schroeder@ECT, Joe Hillings@ENRON, Steven J Kean@EES, Scott
Reblitz/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Lora Sullivan@ENRON, Chris
Long@ENRON
cc: Rick Bergsieker/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Andrew
Makk/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Jeffrey
Hammad/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Terence H
Thorn/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, mlanoce@enron.com @
ENRON_DEVELOPMENT

Subject: Re: Department of Energy Pre-departure Briefing w/ Asst. Secy.

Goldwyn

The IPP in Gaza is progressing albeit somewhat behind schedule.  This
combined cycle power plant is the first infrastructure development project in
Gaza and the first by a major Western company anywhere in "Palestine."  There
are several issues which should be addressed and may be raised during the
Secretary's visit.

1.  All equipment for the plant must transit Israel.  We have been assured by
the Israelis that movement of the equipment will not be impeded as long as it
is on the list of equipment we provide them.  That said, there are countless
opportunities for equipment to be delayed in Israel awaiting clearance,
whether on the list or not.  First power could be delayed indefinitely if the
Israelis choose to do so for political, security, or other reasons.

2.  Fuel for the plant, once operational, will also transit Israel.  Again,
disruption of the fuel supply for any length of time will in effect pull the
plug on power in Gaza.  Gas from Egypt has been discussed; it remains to be
seen if that will be a reality anytime soon.

3.  Although not officially from the Israeli government, we have been told
that as soon as the first watt of power from the plant is produced, the
Israelis will turn off supply of electricity to Gaza.  The current
consumption is about 110MW.  The first phase of the plant will produce 40MW.
This appears to be the beginning of a power supply arrangement whereby Israel
sells Gaza electricity to make up the difference.  That electricity is likely
to be more expensive than that which the plant will supply; Enron could well
end up being blamed for the higher cost.

4.  Water is another critical issue.  The Palestinians want their own supply
of fresh water which must necessarily be desalinated.  Israel is currently
selling water to Gaza; it is not in Israel's best interest to lose this
customer, therefore she may attempt to delay a desalination project.

5.  OPIC project funding is problematical.  Since they originally invited
Enron to take on this project, they should necessarily also be involved.
Lack of OPIC support could jeopardize other project financing and drive up
costs.

6.  The Israelis must also "approve" the environmental impact of the plant.
The plant will meet or exceed World Bank guidelines, more so when operating
on gas.  While not a probem at this point, the Israelis could delay
construction/operation over environmental "concerns."

Andrew is the lead developer for this project and may have other issues for
consideration.  Thanks.  Mac

